hey guys what is up it is Sarah I just
got like a cavity filled so half of my
face is kind of not I'm taking you
behind the scenes of the making of
creative spaces TV if you have no idea
what this is it is a docu-series that I
shoot and edit and list on this channel
it's a behind the scenes look of a day
in the life creative you get to see the
studio they work out of and how they do
what they do one of my most asked
questions is what is your crew like how
many people do have helped you out and
it is actually just me
so I shoot this stuff I edit it I do
everything from pre to post production
this is a project that I feel like
should have been out in the world like
it's something that I wanted to watch
doing everything by myself does get
difficult at some times but it's a lot
of fun interacting with the artists and
really having the freedom to do whatever
the second most asked question is how do
you find these people do you email them
do you text them are they friends the
first three episodes were the toughest
because I did not have an example of
what creative spaces TV was gonna look
like to show the prospective creatives
but I had a lot of other videos to show
them to show that I am a credible
filmmaker and for them to have
confidence in the project that I was
pitching to them my first three artists
actually came just from a good friend
that I met while playing in the band at
my church Naomi we met in Dallas and she
had already moved to Nashville and I
wasn't living in Nashville at the time
but she connected me to a filmmaker a
photographer and a audio engineer and
once I am booked those people and they
said yes I just got in a car and drove
up to Nashville and film them all I had
the first three episodes of creative
spaces TV it was much easier to get the
next episodes because I had something to
show for this project and there was
credibility behind it and I had gained a
little bit of a following so now I'm
going to show you some behind the scenes
footage of an episode that I shot with
youtuber and photographer Ted Forbes
I'll tell you a little bit about the
gear that I use and how I went about the
shoot hopefully this helps if you're
interested
and any type of documentary style
filming that you personally want to do
or if you're just interested in the
process of you know behind the scenes
because I love watching this type of
stuff as well it can be like hey I had
two of my friends tag along and shoot
behind the scenes on rx100 mark
three-pointer shoots I shot with two
Blackmagic pocket Cinema cameras I had
two angles for the interview portion and
the rest of the talking clips were shot
handheld I shot with a wide lens that
had image stabilization and kept the
camera steady with my strap so shake
wasn't an issue smooth pans were taken
on a Manfrotto tripod in Manfrotto fluid
video head and slides on the konova k2
slider i used the road link filmmaker
kit wireless lav system into my dr 40
for audio my studio needs to be an area
that will let me easily kind of jump
back and forth between those things when
I'm sitting at the computer editing for
video work rode videomic pro directly
into my camera for backup audio I will
link the gear in the video description
below with every interview I conduct I
get better in a couple tips I would give
to you if you're thinking about doing
any type of interview style video 1
don't be too quick to respond to their
answer allow room for the interviewee to
add thoughts and it also allows space so
it's easier to edit and post number 2
being interviewed is a little
intimidating make sure to be positive
and encouraging well for me you know I
was very lucky I was very lucky to be
brought up in an artistic family my dad
still an illustrator and was very
successful in seventies and eighties
because I loved a lot of people think
that the Internet makes us more secluded
yeah but I love how you're doing like
talking about how it actually creates
community and you can
talk to people in Korea for all my
post-production since I shot with the
Blackmagic pocket Cinema cameras in RAW
format I stitched the DNG files together
in resolve and then firm resolve I did
everything else in Premiere CC that's
right in the editing and the color if
you guys have any questions at all about
documentary style shooting or
specifically creative spaces TV let me
know in the comments below and I'll try
to answer or you can tweet me or any of
that I am in the middle of shooting
season 3 of creative spaces TV right now
I'm so excited to show you guys more new
episodes hopefully slated for end of
July beginning of August so stick around
for that hit that like and subscribe
button if you want and I will see you
guys in the next video
my name is Ted Forbes I'm a photographer
and filmmaker I live in Dallas Texas and
I'm probably most known for the show
that I do in YouTube called apartment
photography